New Features / Enhancements
---------------------------

Updated TraqDash User Manual !!

New Screen - A Quad Analog graphic screen has been added to the recording screen rotation. This screen appears when three or more analog inputs are enabled.
The Dual Analog graphic screen is used when 1 or 2 analog inputs are enabled.

Added or revised Start/Finish coordinates for several new and existing tracks - general improvement

Added GPS Simulation Mode in Setup Time screen to allow testing of cameras and dyno runs where GPS not available (requires Sensor Unit update)

Added support for Replay XD 1080 bullet cameras (requires Sensor Unit update)

Shortened power-loss save time - much less chance of losing data sessions if power lost or turned off before exiting record mode

Updated on-screen help for several functions

Added ability to get Sensor Unit serial number and build date remotely.

Created dual-range alarms for analog inputs. For example, you can now create an alarm if water temperature is too cool or too hot.

Created icons for "Best Lap of Session" and "Best Lap Ever" that appear on the timing screens.


Bug Fixes
---------


Previous Release (2.20) Improvements
-------------------------------------
Added 60 new vehicles - tach settings, gears, tire sizes, and weight

Exiting recording mode transfers to Race Review - this feature saves button presses.
Upon stopping a recording mode like LAPS, the session lap times are shown on the screen.
After viewing lap times, user must now press red BACK button twice to return to Main Menu.

New graphics - redesigned gauge faces, upgraded icons, brighter colors

Added Gear and RPM Telltale to round tach screens

Better color coding of buttons - clarifies usage

Added mode information (Race, Drive, AutoX, Drag) to Track column heading in Race Review - clarifies screen operation

Total number of laps now shown on Session Details screen - extra information

Increased size of track CONFIRM button - ease of use

Added or revised Start/Finish coordinates for several new and existing tracks - general improvement

Increased capacity to 200 race sessions on SD card

Added automatic configuration file conversion for firmware updates

Recalibrated Temperature Dimming - screen and LED shift lights would dim in hot weather to protect circuitry. Added calibration software to eliminate excess dimming. Minimum brightness is now readable in full sunlight.

When using Metric Units, lap time was not held on screen

Fixed Vmax, Vmin -- broken in V 2.05

Qualifying mode works just like Lap mode - now Qualifying only compares against laps from current session

GoPro camera status (new Sensor Unit code 3.33) - GoPro status tracks better with on-screen icon

Communications Sync with Sensor Unit improved - reduce chance that Sensor Unit and TraqDash get out of sync, especially when starting car after unit is turned on.

Changes to analog inputs automatically synched with Sensor Unit (new SU code 3.33) - Updates to TraqDash analog configuration updates Sensor Unit

In Race Review, on Details / Inputs screen, analog max and min values are shown correctly in scaled units.

Sometimes "None in Range" track was created. If no tracks are in range, system can automatically create new track.

After SD card reformat, track table is automatically rebuilt. Eliminates power off.

Eliminated some invalid text on Race Review buttons

Fixed distance measurement when power up directly into Drive Screen