Release (2.50) Improvements

Updated TraqDash User Manual

Added configurable data elements on Sweep Tach screen, Round Tach screen, and Timing Screen

Added Archive mode to move older session files to the Archive folder to ensure fast operation of TraqDash

New Startup Screen - now shows chosen driver and vehicle and all enabled inputs and cameras

New Screen - Car Metrics tracks vehicle use time, distance traveled, and max RPM

Added Test Camera feature

Touch and hold red back button (lower left on screen) will return to Main Menu

Changed spinner controls in many screens to more user-friendly list controls

Tracks, drivers, and vehicles names are now upper / lowercase independent

Added damping to accelerometer readings to make easier to read G-force screens

Added Flashing Red Shift light when RPM exceeds MAX RPM by a single increment

Added Data Element Filtering. This can be used for things such as fuel level floats.

Added several new vehicle configurations

Added or revised Start/Finish coordinates for several new and existing tracks

Added Automatic Track Coordinate update feature

Added support for Mobius, Innovv, and Replay Mini cameras via USB port on TraqDash. (requires update kit to enable)

Redesigned and upgraded graphics on round tach screen and timing screen

Added Average Speed to post-recording session data

Saves lap times on power loss in addition to data

Updated on-screen help for several functions

Added bootloader reflash capability for adding low level features

Added ability to display bootloader software revision.

Added New Track function on Confirm Track screen along with AutoCreate Track

“All Tracks” list now sorts by track type

Enabled monitoring of vehicle 12V without using an analog input

When waiting for Start/Finish line on out lap, track name now displayed in predictive lap graphic

Revised screen layouts and back button to make it less likely to change settings when leaving a screen


Bug Fixes

Removed operating mode without SD card that was not functional

Fixed bug where more than 200 sessions would cause unstable operation

Fixed AutoOn bug - could get stuck in AutoOn mode when used with older Sensor Unit



Previous Release (2.40) Improvements
-------------------------------------

Updated TraqDash User Manual !!

New Screen - A Quad Analog graphic screen has been added to the recording screen rotation. This screen appears when three or more analog inputs are enabled.
The Dual Analog graphic screen is used when 1 or 2 analog inputs are enabled.

Added or revised Start/Finish coordinates for several new and existing tracks - general improvement

Added GPS Simulation Mode in Setup Time screen to allow testing of cameras and dyno runs where GPS not available (requires Sensor Unit update)

Added support for Replay XD 1080 bullet cameras (requires Sensor Unit update)

Shortened power-loss save time - much less chance of losing data sessions if power lost or turned off before exiting record mode

Updated on-screen help for several functions

Added ability to get Sensor Unit serial number and build date remotely.

Created dual-range alarms for analog inputs. For example, you can now create an alarm if water temperature is too cool or too hot.

Created icons for "Best Lap of Session" and "Best Lap Ever" that appear on the timing screens.


Bug Fixes
---------


Previous Release (2.20) Improvements
-------------------------------------
Added 60 new vehicles - tach settings, gears, tire sizes, and weight

Exiting recording mode transfers to Race Review - this feature saves button presses.
Upon stopping a recording mode like LAPS, the session lap times are shown on the screen.
After viewing lap times, user must now press red BACK button twice to return to Main Menu.

New graphics - redesigned gauge faces, upgraded icons, brighter colors

Added Gear and RPM Telltale to round tach screens

Better color coding of buttons - clarifies usage

Added mode information (Race, Drive, AutoX, Drag) to Track column heading in Race Review - clarifies screen operation

Total number of laps now shown on Session Details screen - extra information

Increased size of track CONFIRM button - ease of use

Added or revised Start/Finish coordinates for several new and existing tracks - general improvement

Increased capacity to 200 race sessions on SD card

Added automatic configuration file conversion for firmware updates

Recalibrated Temperature Dimming - screen and LED shift lights would dim in hot weather to protect circuitry. Added calibration software to eliminate excess dimming. Minimum brightness is now readable in full sunlight.

When using Metric Units, lap time was not held on screen

Fixed Vmax, Vmin -- broken in V 2.05

Qualifying mode works just like Lap mode - now Qualifying only compares against laps from current session

GoPro camera status (new Sensor Unit code 3.33) - GoPro status tracks better with on-screen icon

Communications Sync with Sensor Unit improved - reduce chance that Sensor Unit and TraqDash get out of sync, especially when starting car after unit is turned on.

Changes to analog inputs automatically synched with Sensor Unit (new SU code 3.33) - Updates to TraqDash analog configuration updates Sensor Unit

In Race Review, on Details / Inputs screen, analog max and min values are shown correctly in scaled units.

Sometimes "None in Range" track was created. If no tracks are in range, system can automatically create new track.

After SD card reformat, track table is automatically rebuilt. Eliminates power off.

Eliminated some invalid text on Race Review buttons

Fixed distance measurement when power up directly into Drive Screen
